unlikely lines from a romantic novel
she collapsed slowly in his arms
he sighed and reached for the puncture
repair kit
[Music]
oh pretty he said bully me like one of
your civil servants
let's make love she said but not here
upstairs and with that
they climbed to the top deck of the
night bus
she turned to her husband and said let's
try role play tonight he said sure what
do you want to do he said
i want you to pretend you're a prime
minister oh you're into power
no i want to get me pregnant and
off
i'm wearing edible underwear she teased
he ripped off her skirt
um yeah i think generally that's
supposed to be candy it's just i'm not
really in a spag bowl move
next time he said licking cream out of
her belly button
i'll remember to put the lid on the
blender
as he climbed on top of her melania
thought to herself remember he'll be
dead soon
she smiled at him across the mattress
aren't we lucky she said
to have found a skip with one of these
in it
it was just like a scene from romeo and
juliet except i didn't take the poison
and now i want it for murder
two thousand a year mr darcy why that's
an awful lot of
women
she took him by the hand and led him up
to the bedroom he couldn't believe it
she was about to make his deepest
fantasy come true
he was gonna get to have sex
go leave me i cannot stand another
minute in your presence
i could never love a man who thinks it's
funny to super glue a woman's hand or
forehead
anastasia walked towards the wall of
chains hooks and rope
a huge hulk of a man stepped in front of
her and said hi i'm jeff welcome to
being queue
she said to her will you make me the
happiest man in the world
and introduce me to your fit sister
she knew she was being wooed and now she
told him to piss off
she was being very wooed indeed
as he climbed under the covers he
couldn't believe what he saw a beautiful
woman with long blonde hair
big green eyes and a perfect body
tattooed on the arm of a plasterer
called dinah
i came as soon as i got your message
richard was dreadful
at sexting
he got down on one knee will you marry
me he asked she flushed
oh you should ask my father first um
i don't fancy him
he kissed her tenderly she looked in his
eyes and said do that thing you know i
like
and he went downstairs and restacked the
dishwasher
properly